well everyone is you may notice I am NOT
in China right now I am in Anaheim
California for Blizzcon I'm actually
joined by a familiar face unfortunately
it's me
Avila your best friend yeah it's been
two months since I think anybody has
seen you what have you been doing school
group projects dog mama
yeah well that's great either way I'm
sure you've been busy but all that
changes this weekend as we are teaming
up once more for Blizzcon coverage all
weekend long we're gonna have stuff
going up there's so many games happening
we got Starcraft World of Warcraft
Diablo what else here's the story here's
the story most importantly overwatch yes
yes overwatch indeed and there was an
interesting announcement this morning
that I heard oh did you hear I believe
it is omen by HP is the new partner of
the overwatch League yes and while that
might sound very very very exciting what
is even more exciting as they are our
coverage partner for our coverage this
weekend at Blizzcon that's right thank
you so much to omen by HP for being our
Hardware sponsor throughout this event
so all of our coverage appreciate them
helping us out there and we're gonna
have a bunch of stuff going up not only
will we have interviews on my YouTube
channel right here going up probably
towards the end and also next week from
the event but also we'll have a bunch of
live stuff happening on Twitter what are
you gonna be sharing I'm gonna be
sharing pictures of the event pictures
of swag pictures of the players and just
eSports in general you can follow me at
oddly May on Twitter
yeah and I think you got really excited
because there was a suggestion made by
omen that we might get a chance to play
with Seagal at their booth oh my gosh
I'm so excited but I'm also super
nervous I'm gonna Barriss myself why are
you as excited as the people that are
camping out behind us right now they
look super pumped they're so excited
with their eyes closed yeah they're
sleeping pants it's a past midnight the
night before as we film this but I'm
sure they are super excited because
obviously why else would you be camped
out in front of a Convention Center
before anything starts either way I'm
gonna have stuff going up on my Twitter
channel as well you can follow me at
Travis cafard and of course you can
follow omen by HP all three of those
channels gonna have a bunch of cool
stuff coming out over the weekend so
that you can feel like you are here at
Blizzcon we're gonna be bringing it to
you at home
on Twitter on YouTube all over the place
a super fine so stay tuned for all that
right here on my youtube channel and on
our social channels it's gonna be great